We grow enough food to feed 10 billion people.
800 million go hungry.
This is not a scarcity problem.
This is a software bug in civilization.
Layer 1. Local growing.
Vertical farms in every city.
95% less water, zero transport, year-round harvest.
Layer 2. AI distribution.
Food moves based on what neighborhoods need,
not what stores ordered six days ago.
Perishables rerouted in real time before they spoil.
Layer 3. Personalized nutrition.
Your body tells you what it needs.
Your food meets you where you are —
your culture, your biology, your life stage.
Layer 4. Waste dies.
Ugly produce gets processed.
Scraps feed the farm.
The loop closes.
Layer 5.
Nutrition becomes infrastructure.
Not a luxury. Not a market. A right.
Like roads. Like water.
Fund the food — or keep funding the hospitals.
Your call.
Four corporations own 60% of the world's seeds.
They patented your food and sold it back to you
with a prescription for their poison.
But open-source seeds can't be repatented.
Once freed, freed forever.
The revolution won't be patented.
It'll be planted.
This isn't utopia. It's logistics.
Every piece of this exists right now.
The technology is here. The food is here.
The only thing missing is the coordination layer.
And that's what AI is actually for.
Not chatbots. Not image generators.
Matching the right resource to the right need
at the right time.
It's called giving a shit.
Everyone eats.